---
title: Products - Basavin
language: en
doc_type: general
source: Basavin
confidence: high
updated_at: 2026-07-21T06:31:55.329Z
---

BASAVIN Specials , Vine ARGILOS Rosu (Cabernet Franc- Rara Neagra)Cabernet Franc 70% Rara Neagra 30%.170.00 MDL BASAVIN Specials , Vine ARGILOS Verde (Sauvignon -Feteasca Alba)Sauvignon 65% Feteasca Alba – 35%.150.00 MDL Vine OptimistThis product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.125.00 MDL BASAVIN Specials , Vine Madam RoseRoz sec, alc.13,5% 0,75mlThis product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.95.00 MDL Vine Trei FeteThis product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.105.00 MDL Vine Rara NeagraThis product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.95.00 MDL Vine Feteasca NeagraThis product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.95.00 MDL Vine Dobaviti MARVELOUS SaperaviThis product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.125.00 MDL BASAVIN Specials , Vine Chateau du Basavines Sauvignon BlancDry white wineSauvignon Blanc is a traditional French grape cultivated in Moldova. The wine has a fresh aroma of harmonious taste. Recommended consumption temperature : 10-12 ° C.This product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.105.00 MDL BASAVIN Specials , Vine Chateau du Basavines Cabernet SauvignonChateau du Basavines Cabernet Sauvignon is a traditional French grape cultivated in Moldova. The wine has a fresh aroma of harmonious taste. Recommended consumption temperature : 16-18 ° C.This product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.105.00 MDL BASAVIN Selected , Vine Pinot Grigio RoseSemi-dry Rose WinePrinot Grigio is the traditional French grape variety cultivated in Moldova. The wine is distinguished by a light pink color, with a fresh, mild and delicate flavor. Recommended consumption temperature : 10-12 ° C.This product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.70.00 MDL BASAVIN Gold , Vine Sauvignon GoldWhite wine limited editionSauvignon is a traditional French grape cultivated in Moldova. The wine has a fresh and refreshing aroma, an ideal balance between fruit and acid. Recommended consumption temperature : 10-12 ° C.This product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.70.00 MDL BASAVIN Gold , Vine Chardonnay GoldDry white wine limited editionChardonnay is the traditional French wine and grape variety cultivated in Moldova. The wine “Chardonnay Gold” is distinguished by a light yellow color, with a fresh, balanced and delicate flavor. Recommended consumption temperature : 10-12 ° C.This product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.70.00 MDL BASAVIN Gold , Vine Pinot Noir Rose GoldRose wine limited editionPrinot Noir is the traditional French grape variety cultivated in Moldova. The wine is distinguished by a light pink color, with a fresh, mild and delicate flavor. Recommended consumption temperature : 10-12 ° C.This product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.70.00 MDL BASAVIN Gold , Vine Cabernet Sauvignon GoldRed vintage wineThis wine is produced in a limited edition, by classical technology with stemming, quality lighting worth, temperature-controlled fermentation (16-18 ° C) and long-term aging of the wine on the yeast sediment (30-60 days). It’s value is increasing each year.This product is forbidden for all under the age of 18.70.00 MDL BASAVIN Gold Pinot Frank GoldDry red winePrinot Frank is a traditional French grape variety grown in Moldova. The wine has a ruby color with a full and harmonious taste. Recommended consumption temperature : 15-18 ° C.This product is forbidden for all under the age of 18. 70.00 MDL